feat: migrate to MyInfo V3 (#21)
opengovsg/myinfo-gov-client: README.md

# myinfo-gov-client

> A lightweight client to easily call the MyInfo Person endpoint for the Singapore government. Compatible with NodeJS version >=10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lightweight client to easily call the MyInfo Person v3.2 endpoint for the Singapore government. Tested with NodeJS version >=12.
```

  clientId,
  clientSecret,
  singpassEserviceId,
  redirectEndpoint: `${APP_DOMAIN}${REDIRECT_ENDPOINT_PATH}`,
  clientPrivateKey,
  myInfoPublicKey,
  mode: 'stg', // Set to 'dev' to call dev endpoint, leave empty for prod
})

app.get('/', (_req, res) => {
  const redirectUrl = client.createRedirectURL({
    purpose: 'Information for my application',
    requestedAttributes: REQUESTED_ATTRIBUTES,
  })
  return res.send(`
    <a href=${redirectUrl}>Log in</a>
  `)
})

app.get(REDIRECT_ENDPOINT_PATH, async (req, res) => {
  // Authorisation code passed via query parameters
  const { code } = req.query
  const accessToken = await client.getAccessToken(code)
  // Result contains NRIC and MyInfo data
  const result = await client.getPerson(accessToken, REQUESTED_ATTRIBUTES)
  return res.json(result.data)
})

app.listen(PORT, () => console.log(`App listening on port ${PORT}`))
```

# API

## Constructor

```
MyInfoGovClient(config: IMyInfoConfig)
```

### Configuration parameters

Type: `IMyInfoConfig`

**clientId**

Type: `string`

Client ID (also known as App ID).

**clientSecret**

Type: `string | Buffer`

Client secret provided by MyInfo.

**singpassEserviceId**

Type: `string`

> ID registered with SingPass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default e-service ID registered with SingPass to use. Can be overridden if necessary in `createRedirectURL` and `getPerson` functions.
```
